docs: clarify serverless runtime behavior for use cache (#92232)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/01-getting-started/08-caching.mdx

Reviewer: We can add a good to know, after this. 

```suggestion

> **Good to know:** By default, `use cache` stores entries [in-memory](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache#runtime-caching-considerations). `use cache` scopes that are not part of the static shell may see cache misses in serverless environments where memory does not persist across requests. Consider [`'use cache: remote'`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache-remote) for durable, shared caching.
```

```

> **Good to know:** When Cache Components is enabled, `GET` Route Handlers follow the same prerendering model as pages. See [Route Handlers with Cache Components](/docs/app/getting-started/route-handlers#with-cache-components) for details.
>

> > **Runtime caching on serverless:** `use cache` stores runtime entries in-memory, so cache entries may not persist across requests in serverless environments where requests can run on different instances. For durable shared runtime caching, use [`use cache: remote`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache-remote).

Reviewer: and then drop this one

> > **Good to know:** By default, `use cache` stores entries [in-memory](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache#runtime-caching-considerations). `use cache` scopes that are not part of the static shell may see cache misses in serverless environments where memory does not persist across requests. Consider [`'use cache: remote'`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache-remote) for durable, shared caching.

Reviewer: Not here - move this to line 195-196 fit it there

At request time, `CachedContent` executes if no matching cache entry is found, and stores the result for future requests with the same `sessionId`.

> > **Good to know:** By default, `use cache` stores entries [in-memory](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache#runtime-caching-considerations). `use cache` scopes that are not part of the static shell may see cache misses in serverless environments where memory does not persist across requests. Consider [`'use cache: remote'`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache-remote) for durable, shared caching.

Reviewer: Been thinking about this further 

I'd propose a few more edits:

```suggestion
By default, `use cache` stores entries [in-memory](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache#runtime-caching-considerations). In serverless environments where memory doesn't persist across requests, `CachedContent` may re-evaluate on every request. Consider [`'use cache: remote'`](/docs/app/api-reference/directives/use-cache-remote) for durable, shared caching.
```

I think this is flows well enough out of a good to know, and with the current text. We state how it'd work ideally, but make a contrast that serverless has a gotcha. Wdyt?
